Added hints for Hazelcast Platform Operator's expose externally feature (#268)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/deploy/pages/deploying-with-operator.adoc

** `NodePortNodeName`: Hazelcast clients are inside the same network as the Kubernetes nodes, so clients can access a member by the hostname of its Kubernetes node.
** `LoadBalancer`: Hazelcast clients are outside the Kubernetes network and can access members via the the external IP assigned to the LoadBalancer service.

WARNING: Your Kubernetes cluster should be able to assign public IPs to LoadBalancer services to connect to Hazelcast from outside Kubernetes.

WARNING: If NodePorts are used (`discoveryServiceType: NodePort` or `memberAccess: NodePortExternalIP`), then the Kubernetes nodes should have access from outside Kubernetes. This includes both the node IPs and ports.

> === Things to consider in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Google Kubernetes Engine

If you are using Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), consider the following to expose your Hazelcast cluster:
```

I think we should follow this structure for all the 'Things to consider' headings below.

Heading: Just the name of the environment
Leading sentence: Explain what the following points are for.

Author: Done 👍

Reviewer: It looks like all the headings are still missing the leading sentence.

Also, we can remove the colons (`:`) from the headings.

Author: Sorry, I misinterpreted your comment. Updated now. The leading sentences are so similar, is it a problem?

- The Kubernetes cluster should not be private.
- If NodePorts are used (`discoveryServiceType: NodePort` or `memberAccess: NodePortExternalIP`), a firewall rule for each Hazelcast member should be added to allow TCP traffic on node ports.

=== Things to consider in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS):

- Having the VPC of the EKS cluster configured only with private subnets is not recommended.
- If NodePorts are used (`discoveryServiceType: NodePort` or `memberAccess: NodePortExternalIP`), the VPC of the EKS cluster should be configured only with public subnets. Additionally, inbound rules for the node ports should be added to the nodes' security groups.
- AWS load balancers are assigned with hostnames by default. Since it takes some time to resolve these hostnames, the member pods might fail to start with `CrashLoopBackOff` status in the beginning. But the pods will be running fine eventually after a couple of restarts.

=== Things to consider in Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS):

- The Kubernetes cluster should not be private.

> - If NodePorts are used (`discoveryServiceType: NodePort` or `memberAccess: NodePortExternalIP`), the node pools should be created by using `--enable-node-public-ip` flag. Additionally, the required inbound rules should be added for network security groups (NSGs) to allow access to node IPs and ports.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that it's not recommended as you've described [here](https://hazelcast.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CN/pages/3832283180/Expose+Externally+Feature+Testing+of+Hazelcast+Platform+Operator+for+EKS+GKE+and+AKS?focusedCommentId=3852140552#comment-3852140552)?

Author: I am not sure if we should mention it. The circumstances on AKS may change in future, so it might be better to leave the decision to the user. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Agree, it makes sense
